if I'm watching you go near the speed of
light the world is ordinary and you are
compressing and your mass is getting
bigger whereas when it comes to the Big
Bang or the big punch we don't think
that's a perspectival quality of the
world we think that is an invariant
quality of the world that all observers
would agree on and so it's really the
difference between is it a function of
your point of view or is it an invariant
quality of the SpaceTime Arena itself it
seems to me unlikely on grounds of
Elegance that that infinite Mass problem
would take two different forms so you
think that the Big Crunch is perspective
invariant and that's the difference okay
well I think about that for about two
years and see what what comes of it